In our previous lesson we learned how to create tables with HMO.
Now before our previous lesson all of the content that we had viewed in the web browser simply stacked
on top of one another or in other words the table marked the first time that we saw content sitting
side by side one another.
So some of you may be salivating thinking to yourself you can use tables to create multi column layouts
.
Well let me stop you in your tracks.
Please do not do that.
That would be abusing the table element and the storied history of H.
DML has already seen the dark ages where people mis used the table element for layout purposes but don't
worry we've moved past the dark ages and now everyone knows that we use C S S to add layout and style
to our pages.
So if you have a list of data and each item has multiple properties.
By all means use the table elements.
That's what they're there for.
But if you're simply trying to lay out your content in a particular way and create multiple columns
or add spacing here in there.
Know that tables are not the answer but we will begin learning about the answer see SS in the very next
lesson.
So to review if you use tables for layout the gods of HTML will strike you down dead in your path.
In other news you should give yourself a pat on the back because you've completed the H TMLC portion
of the course or in other words.
The fun is about to begin.
C Ss is how we add the design to web design.
It's going to be a lot of fun and I will see you in the next lesson.